Update README with development installation instructions (#580)
pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK: README.rst

About
-----

This SDK aims to provide an easy-to-use framework for managing a pi-top. It includes several Python 3 packages and

> modules for interfacing with a range of pi-top devices and peripherals It also contains CLI utilities,
> to interact with your pi-top using the terminal.

Reviewer: I know this wasn't introduced by this PR but would be good to get it in at the same time. :)
```suggestion
modules for interfacing with a range of pi-top devices and peripherals.
It also contains CLI utilities for interacting with your pi-top using the terminal.
```

  pip3 install pitop.pma

-----------
Development
-----------

> To install the SDK in development mode, the subpackages need to be handled in a particular order, given
> the dependencies between them. Also, the :code:`--extra-index-url` parameter is added to install the :code:`onnxruntime` package
> instead of building it from scratch for some architectures. You can use the :code:`dev-install.sh` script to install the SDK
> in development mode.

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to put the command to run at the beginning, the details can come after and are mostly relevent to people where the script does not work for their usecase.

```suggestion
To install the SDK in development mode run the script `dev-install.sh` in the root of the repo:

.. code-block:: bash
  ./dev-install.sh

The script installs the subpackages in a particular order, given
the dependencies between them. Also, the :code:`--extra-index-url` parameter is added to install the :code:`onnxruntime` package
instead of building it from scratch for some architectures.
```

  pip3 install pitop.pma

-----------
Development
-----------

To install the SDK in development mode run the script `dev-install.sh` in the root of the repo:

> .. code-block:: bash
>   ./dev-install.sh

Author: ```suggestion
.. code-block:: bash

  ./dev-install.sh
```

  pip3 install pitop.pma

-----------
Development
-----------

> To install the SDK in development mode run the script `dev-install.sh` in the root of the repo:

Author: ```suggestion
To install the SDK in development mode run the script :code:`dev-install.sh` in the root of the repo:
```

  pip3 install pitop.pma

-----------
Development
-----------

To install the SDK in development mode, the subpackages need to be handled in a particular order, given
the dependencies between them. Also, the :code:`--extra-index-url` parameter is added to install the :code:`onnxruntime` package
instead of building it from scratch for some architectures.

.. code-block:: bash

  git clone https://github.com/pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK.git
  cd pi-top-Python-SDK

>   pip3 install \

Reviewer 2: it would be best to just reference the [dev-install.sh](https://github.com/pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK/pull/580/files#diff-1b9652fe4dcfae05f0b0fc24810862e42fdae6e7bca2417857122b98e37846d7) script here so that people know to use that rather than paste all this.

The information above about what it does could stay, but just add something like "We've put this into the script dev-install.sh."
